Song are going from traveling from light to light.
And so they are going from light to the ultimate light.
And the song are going from the dark to the darkness.
And the song are going from the dark to the light state to the dark.
And the song are going from the dark to the light state.
There are four different types of the travelers of sentient beings because of their deeds, their
actions, that leading.
Among that four, our goal is from light to light.
We are in light. We have beautiful lives.
In the teaching of the Buddha, according to the teaching of the Buddha, we are within something
beautiful things in our past.
Therefore, we are in a beautiful life now. We have really beautiful lives.
Our intelligence, our senses, our patience, our situation, circumstances, all is beautiful.
All is quite good. Quite good.
These good things not just come by accidentally, they not just come by patiently.
There is definitely beautiful cause and conditions behind what we have.
Even though we didn't see immediately right now that truly we have something good things.
Because of our present situation, we can deduct, we can inference that we did something in the past
.
And because of that, we are in light now. Beautiful light status.
And we are human beings with beautiful intelligence and human beings.
This is light. This is light.
Now next to our destination, we like to move exactly the same way, even better light status.
That next destination is dependent, according to the teaching, dependent with our actions now,
activity over now.
Whatever future that is directed by the present of our activities.
As every time, every evening in samsara we will do something, very much our future is relying on
how we do now.
Now is in a way the engine, the will to change the directions of the future.
So similarly, this is what this time, this person is our how we like to change the next lines.
So there, with joyful effort, we don't let rule by the absolute, totally 100% laziness.
Laziness also we make three types of laziness.
Whatever laziness is, it is laziness.
It is undermining our principle of the goodness, our visions.
Lady is disturbing. Lady slows down. Lady spoils. Lady could miss our opportunity to be missed.
So therefore, he said, might that ourself move from light to light.
Not from, of course, we are not in the dark that we don't take examples, but not from light to the
dark.
That is what we don't want.
We have to move from light to light.
In order to do that, what we have to do?
Again, back to the same thing as this great teacher said.
Really, with six parabola practice, generosity, love, patience, generosity, morality,
I mean this six parabola practice, context of that, and good activities.
All our readiness, all our capabilities, to bring, open up that energy, that draw, that opportunity
,
not shut down, that it is in our hand, nobody else's hand.
Whatever activity we like to do is my hand.
Whatever I like to do, activity is my hand, nobody else's hand.
And totally we can do.
So for that reason, we are really trying to make that.
Make our self moving from light to light.
That is, it's really about that.
So to do this is, then, what do we call it?
To do this is the joy of effort.
So don't let your joy of effort, your good deeds run by laziness.
Three types of laziness, whatever those three types of laziness, is laziness.
It will spoil that, as I said.
So that, and the next one is.